In this video, you will learn how to navigate the developer documentation that is available to help you successfully build apps using the Brightcove Native Player SDKs. All of the user and developer documentation for Brightcove can be found at support.brightcove.com.

Here are some helpful links for your reference, but all you need to remember is the main landing page at support.brightcove.com. Let's go to the main page of the support site and navigate around.

Here we are on the main landing page for the Brightcove Support site. The documentation is organized between user and developer information. The three boxes above the line contain links for user documentation for the Video Cloud Studio user interface. The gray boxes below the line contain links for detailed information to help developers customize the web player, access the RESTful APIs, and build apps using the Native Player SDKs.

In this video, we will focus on the native SDKs. Let's select the Getting Started link for the SDKs. Here we are on the Getting Started landing page for the native player SDKs. You can see that there are links to documents about working with mobile devices, both Android and iOS.

Next, there is a section for connected TV. For Android, this includes Android-based smart TV and the Fire TV. Using tvOS, you can build apps for Apple TV. At the bottom, you'll find links to the developer forum, frequently asked questions, known issues, and a link to show you how to open a support ticket. From here, we can go back to the main landing page by clicking on the Brightcove logo.

The documentation linking the SDK section takes you to the main SDK landing page. You can also get to it by expanding the landing page's dropdown menu item in the top navigation and selecting Device SDKs. The landing page for the Brightcove Native Player SDKs is a good one to bookmark because it contains every document pertaining to the SDKs. The Overview section has high-level information that talks about features supported by the native SDKs.

Next, you will find more detailed documents for Android, iOS, and tvOS. Below these, you will find announcements with important information about developing with the native SDKs. The most recent announcements will be in red. Lastly, at the bottom, you will find links for developer support.

Let's go back to the Android section. Notice that there are three gray boxes. The first box has links for getting started information. The Player SDK for Android Overview is your go-to document for general information about the Android SDK. Here you will find details about which operating systems are supported.

You will also find links to download the latest version of the SDK along with links to the reference documents and release notes. The Integration section shows the plugins that are available to add functionality to your app. This includes advertising, analytics, and content protection. Below this, you'll find sections for samples and solution guides.

Let's go back to the SDK landing page. The first gray box associated with the Android SDK contains links to documents that walk you through the basic concepts you'll need to understand to help you develop your apps. It starts with the basic architecture. There are next buttons at the bottom of each of these pages allowing you to progress through these learning concepts until you end up at a quickstart that shows you how to build your first video app using the native SDK.

Let's go back to the SDK landing page. Remember, you can quickly go back to any landing page by using the Navigation dropdown in the top menu. The second gray box associated with the Android documentation contains links for guides to help you with specific topics. Finally, the Resources section allows you to quickly view all of the Android player samples, the references, and release notes.

The Code Snippets document provides solutions to common tasks without a complete code sample. There are also training videos to help you get started with building your first app. If you can't find a document for a topic that you're looking for, there is a search bar on the top of every page that will search every document in the Brightcove Support system.

Next, you'll learn how to run the sample apps on your machine.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hi, I'm Jeff Doktor, a learning specialist with Brightcove. Welcome to the on-demand training course for Developing with the Brightcove Native Player SDK for iOS.

In this course, you will learn how to create a Swift project in Xcode that uses the Native SDK. This app will play a video from your Video Cloud library.

There are several tasks involved, so let's take a look at those now.


(end of video of me)

(switch to slides)
Here is the agenda for the course.
First, I'll give you a high level overview of the Brightcove Native Player SDK for iOS. We'll learn what it is and who can use it.

Then, we'll look at the tools you will need, and show you where you can find documentation, code samples and a developer forum. In the forum, you can post questions and find answers to common questions.

Next, we'll look a little deeper into understanding the Native SDK for iOS.

Then, we'll walk thru the steps of building an iOS app.

To do this, we'll Create a Swift project in Xcode.
Import the Native SDK for iOS into your project.
Define the audio behavior for the app.
Add a playback controller to your app.
Get a video from your Video Cloud library.
We'll connect the Storyboard View.
Then, We'll decide whether you want to deliver your media content over a secure connection.
Finally, we will Run the app in the Xcode Simulator.

(back to speaking)
Hopefully, you'll find this training course helpful.

We have a lot to accomplish, so let's get started.
